<=sys-libs/db-4.99.99	superconservative-4.9.env
app-crypt/gcr fast.env
app-crypt/gnupg fast.env
#app-emulation/docker gcc5.env
app-emulation/qemu fast.env
app-emulation/spice	nosandbox.env
app-office/abiword gcc5.env
app-shells/bash fast.env
dev-db/mongodb		mongodb.env
dev-embedded/gputils	superconservative.env
dev-java/icedtea	no-tmpfs.env
dev-lang/php fast.env
dev-lang/python		fast.env
dev-libs/boehm-gc fast.env
games-emulation/dosbox fast.env
media-gfx/blender fast.env
media-gfx/imagemagick fast.env
media-libs/a52dec fast.env
media-libs/faac fast-lto.env
media-libs/fdk-aac fast-lto.env
media-libs/flac fast.env
media-libs/libmp4v2 fast.env
media-libs/libmpeg2 fast.env
media-libs/libtheora fast.env
media-libs/xvid fast-lto.env
media-sound/lame fast-lto.env
media-sound/mpg123 fast.env
media-sound/twolame fast-lto.env
media-video/handbrake fast.env
media-video/vlc	gcc5.env
net-fs/samba fast.env
net-libs/webkit-gtk fast.env
net-misc/openssh fast.env
sci-chemistry/chemical-mime-data nosandbox.env
sys-apps/coreutils fast.env
sys-apps/portage fast.env
sys-apps/util-linux fast.env
sys-devel/gcc		fast.env
sys-devel/llvm fast.env
sys-fs/duperemove fast.env
sys-libs/zlib fast.env
media-libs/libfpx gcc5.env
app-arch/lzop	gcc5.env
dev-util/ragel  gcc5.env
dev-qt/assistant:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/designer:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/linguist:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/pixeltool:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qdbusviewer:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qt3support:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtbearer:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtcore:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtdbus:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtdeclarative:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtgui:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qthelp:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qt-meta:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtmultimedia:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtopengl:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtscript:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtsql:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtsvg:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qttest:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qttranslations:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtwebkit:4 gcc5.env
dev-qt/qtxmlpatterns:4 gcc5.env
media-libs/flac gcc5.env
media-libs/x265 gcc5.env
media-libs/x264 gcc5.env
x11-libs/wxGTK gcc5.env
games-roguelike/scourge gcc5.env
kde-apps/krfb gcc5.env
kde-base/kdelibs gcc5.env

